Alacart application must have inventory costing feature
Sir Rex will do the analysis and give to MIS? (For confirmation since he already discussed the inventory costing)
Blackbox - is a term that is acting as a midtier for commissary and bakeshop/kitchen. It holds the secret recipe.
POS System should handle order taker feature. Wherein a customer will order and when he bills out any POS machine could handle it.
For checking by Mark Brian:
	Printing (when servo updates system, printing of long report occurs)
	Upgrade
	Email
Next branches that will open for LP, Rosario and Manaoag (mas malaki mga ito kesa sa mangaldan)		
Follow up status of Telecom/IntegSys POS. Compute the time lapsed in approval from the last evaluation.
Follow up Food POS
Preparation for branch opening must be advanced.
	checklist for hardware, POS, etc.
	location ng POS sila mam tina ang magbibigay
	CCTV management (positioning, wire exposures, standardization, recording, auto power on)
	CCTV recorder must have cabinet
	request RCP(Reflected Ceiling Plan) for setting the CCTV location
	request As Built Plan after the construction of building
When we will have assistant for bernard?
Follow up File Server for Engineering
*Follow up laptop for Charge Invoice (c/o mac)
PLDT billing for Los Pedritos must be email directly on lospedritos2017@gmail.com (create a request letter on PLDT)
For business transactions always CC email to lospedritos2017@gmail.com
Ask sir marlon if lospedritos.com.ph is possible but the email host is still guanzon group
POS Checklist (detailed list)
Textblast to inform cusstomers that Los Pedritos is owned by Guanzon(request will be from mam tina)
Textblast to transfer to telemarketing
Pedritos phone number validator(give a specific date to Peds for validating their capture mobile number from COVID declaration form)
Check multimedia workload
Request proposed plan and as built plan for buildings
Train personnel for pedritos
*Replication of purchasing to main office
*Expiration
*Discrepancy report
*No monitor is allowed to be left in the CCTV recorder room(bernard must always bring monitor/keyboard when he travels)
*Checklist before maintenance/repair
Remove picture of pogi from timekeeper haha

Hardware Checklist
Development Journal
Purchasing Replication
PO Disbursement
Production Transfer
Inventory split/grouping
Averaging/FIFO/Higher Price

Inv_Ledger
	nPurPrice
	dExpiryxx (Optional)

Option 2
Inv_Others
	dExpiryxx
	
Consultation of facebook API to kaiser group

Marlon and Mac will do the planning for the system requests and will present to sir rex for additional inputs